[Music] Let's
see, it's just that I'm starting to feel sorry for Uncle
Ray, it's starting to make me feel completely sorry for him.
His personality on social media has
become like a hater on Twitter.
Okay, and from time to time I run into him,
like you've seen, okay, as you've seen, I
run into him on my
notifications, it's like, man, you
're giving me pity, no. Look, at his face, they're
sending me this tweet. Okay, this
old dog is withering away, it's not an
edit, I swear, the guy is like this, how am I, how am I?
But yes, my Prime, of course, he
tells me like he's like
him or something. You know how am I? He goes
into one of my videos, the main character, and with a
frame in which he thinks I
look bad, eh, what do I have
here? A little bit of an eye, wound that I have
today. Well, son, I'm
here working all the time and p. And now the
responses to his tweet are like, Hachico
Oliveira, they have to change his
food, he's falling bad, of course, he's
like, man, you're this good,
literally. This one, yes, I answered him,
obviously, he put it to me.  a egg r
dude Look at the guy look at the guy who
looks like he's 60 years old he's burned out
and he comes to tell me that I'm
wilting away and he's like dude you
're literally this guy a crazy guy look here a
crazy guy here he is a
crazy guy literally a crazy guy no no here he is a
completely crazy person Look at this
with that beard and I comes to tell
me what And I put r you're two
more weekends in jail so they
confuse you with Jeffrey epin I didn't know
Oh I didn't tell you guys this you're
going to dry out Will a kiss Hello hello I didn't
know that dogs were burning
spicy emoji By the way How's your bread wallet going
Bambi a Ah right you're so
[ __ ] that you didn't even save your
seed phrase no no no it's not [ __ ] I
mean but this this from having seen the
live the other day no because this
isn't even or Yes in an excerpt No of
course this is from watching a live no
this isn't even in any excerpt
no eh Ah right you didn't save your
seed phrase Of course not  I have no
[ __ ] idea about these things Even the
stupidest pambisito knows that they have to
keep access to their wallet But
you You're still in your old gossip because I did
n't tell you but the wallet Look at this
photo it's from three Oh I can't
see how much I don't know if it says 3:24 at
night don't you remember that when I was here
someone told me to put the uh the
other phone to restore from the
iCloud backup I honestly didn't
see the point Because also there was a
moment when the live ended that I
went to the phone was installing and
you know when the applications uh when the
phone is restoring the
applications appear as waiting and like
dark until it is installed
Of course when I saw that I said it doesn't make
sense if the application is not
installed now when it is installed
go to with the session open It will
ask me for the phrase again no whatever no well no well no I
was
eating I was snacking on something in the
kitchen waiting for it to install and
when it was installed Look I'm in the
kitchen also and like p And there was my
wallet So now I have well
I put them all in one I put them all in
one and I haven't lost them I haven't
lost them good eh now well I wasn't
going to tell you okay less than that all
together but no no no Hi Juan Thanks a lot
man and I'll give you good news
last night I regained access to my wallet by
restoring the
iCloud backup I recommend you do the same
so you can pay the landlord and not
get arrested again hug man He
likes it when I'm hitting him all the time maybe you
should make sure you don't
lose it again Jai I gave my
seed phrase to a friend so she could
keep it confidential and she comes to me and
says put some ointment on the dog he's
still really burned up it's like dude I won't even find you I
mean I won't even find you dude By the way you're 95
down on Benko keep buying
your master's [ __ ] but if Benko has
nothing to do with Dallas no Benko
has nothing to do with Dallas Dallas has
talked about Benko once but other than that
Benko I'm not going to lose [ __ ] no  venco I'm
losing it Someone could see that, it does
n't sound familiar to me that I'm losing it,
no, but anyway, you can put
my wallet there and give me some venc
please Give Leo proma venco because I did
n't know, I didn't know I swear I did
n't know a friend gave it to me
a friend gave it to me Because also I'm not
going to leave eh Until until
that blows us up No, I'm not going to leave eh it
was a promo Ah well I didn't know I just got
in right now or I just got in through
ra he made a promo for him but it's not from
him anyway No, of course, I mean, what do I know, but
okay, but listen to me, can you give me
a few of vco, can someone
put my wallet there please? Oh, I do
n't have it now, of course, because it's not the
same as the other day, of course it's not the
same as the other day, what do you mean, no,
man, but I've been here all night
putting up with it But Javi Don't pay attention to him No,
I don't pay attention to him from time to time I
laugh but it's like very pathetic Not this
man from  50 years segm a kiss and
put on these things Look talking to Javi
The wigs Well rebor needs to launch
10 token scam steal from everyone Claro is
looking for the typical supports man Claro
Look do you remember do you know that there is a group
of bad youtubers twitterers who
always do what I do or what
he does they are going to be on the
other side for example if I make a
video that what they do is ads there are
YouTube channels that are dedicated to
that eh if what I do is today I make
a video to Willy Rex they are going to see
they are going to see what I say To see
the way to defend Willy Rex Although
they have criticized Willy Rex the
week before But well if suddenly
Javi or Dallas release a video of Willy re
they are going to see the la that their job is to
look to see who Javi is against
that day and defend the opposite okay do you
remember that on many occasions I have
told you Well Ray here what he is
doing is to clean up his image or
to have someone  that he defends him from
all the things that are coming out of him
getting close to these things okay do you remember
that on some occasion I have told you man they would
literally take sides with Jos
Bretn they would defend Jos Bretn If I
start making a video about Jos Bretn they would
n't even inform themselves a [ __ ] thing About
who Jos Bretn is they would go and
defend him because he is Javi od and
many were offended Oh what he said how
serious how strong no no no literally
today a guy from one of these
sick channels about me defending Daniel
Sancho that I should sue me and win
a lawsuit against Daniel Sancho I only hope I
sincerely hope that it includes or
that it goes directly against you
because you have become special He has a
channel dedicated only to talking about his son
and in everything that can catch you that they
crush you the biggest I only hope that things
go this well for you Because of what a good person you
are, sow and reap So I
sincerely since it is about money that is
not physical Well I only hope that they
crush you for everything like this your criticism and your
attack on other people  Well,
they'll have a justification,
mm, we already know that it's going to say another one, not
only to pay for luxury, or a trip, or a car, or a
house, or anything, we already know that it's to
pay future compensation to Dan
Nersa so that he pays. Look, it's going to be
good because this is a chain, this is
like a payoff, thanks to me and
LOL, and I'm not coming, and to more people, you're going to
earn the money to pay Daniel
Sancho so that Daniel Sancho can pay
Edwin Arrieta's parents. Look, in the
end, who's going to pay
Edwi's compensation? Man, you can't fall any worse,
man, when I think there's no
limit below, they take a shovel and go even
further down. This guy
defended the abuser. You know the case of
Big Brother in which a man, a boy
abused a girl, well, he defended him.
Look, she uses him to get revenge,
but he defended him on his own, eh,
not because of me. He defended Daniel Sancho
because I criticized him, okay.
But to Carlota Prado's abuser,
unfortunately, justice has  failed
Well you have it on Twitter okay the clip
of this one that we're with Ray okay
But that's how they are I mean literally it's how they are
man they're too strong man his entire
Twitter and his entire personality on social media is
dedicated to Javi in the end t It was your
fault for Edwin's death no no let me
pay let me pay he's
telling me Alan let me pay the
compensation that can't be worse ca
n't be worse a joke a
kiss look look he's there all the time
dedicating your Hi to Dallas here where he
came
man I mean put a tweet of
Ricky Eddie's acting the day he cheated and the
evidence he showed that he didn't
cheat and I put a tweet and I put Ricky
edit and his friend red just out of
jail show the proof that there was no
cheating in yesterday's
skid game and he says to me Why don't you show the
real image you [ __ ] old gossip manipul I mean he
's not even tagged in yours it
appears because he's on all the time
chalque I know You know I love you Javi I
also dedicate tweets to Dallas all the
time but out of love  not like this idiot
this one also dedicates it out of love I'm sick
of your ass that you have to react to
others playing here I leave the
true image as if something could be seen here you
know And besides the next day not
when they are asking so much eh Why don't you
ask Dallas and Urdaneta to show
their accounts just today they continue sending
money to cuin But what are you going to think
about this you have no market at home
clown and here I answered him with my
real opinion I mean he doesn't understand he's
not understanding right you literally just got
out of jail if I
cared about the opinion of an inmate
I would call him Carlos El yoya And what else did
Urdaneta say something else Look talking
to Javi the canine guy Empire shine
Urdaneta is hungry Here talking to a
cat uy uy uyu B to that ad based a kiss
Jorge talking to him with the account
This stalker this one this fool
but foolish fool fool fool fool
Wilson this fool fool fool
world exclusive member of telesalseo
exposes Javi Oliveira there is still hope
and what is it  that says urgent Rodolfo
Sancho sues me And you sue Javi you
titled the video like that these things
make you lose Oh he got
excited because he posted this Oh the
creature how sick how sick man
let's see someone bans the people
that you say I have lowered views it's
just one it's not just one peres Of course if we have already
finished talking about the subject
we are talking about r too much it
seems to me there are 2700 people here discovered
the bite of course let's see but the bite eh It
's not a I mean Rodolfo Sancho the
information there is is that he wants to
sue all the youtubers who have
talked about the subject and that they have eh put the
identity of his son I don't know how much I
explain it in the video okay Oh but this one
is sick sick sick Look look look look at
the account sick guy sick let's
go they are all sick eh looking to
see Ay Ay Ay Ay someone from
Javi Oliveira's team Ay Oy Oy but sick eh I mean
the fact of creating an
email account to create a Twitter account
to dedicate it to Javi Oliveira
just to see if I take this clip
and I take it out of context like I did the
other day with the Costa Brava thing,
man, esc, the brute of Tania, saying
the Costa Brava, I mean what is this woman telling me
about the Costa Brava until I
found myself on Twitter, La la, the reason
why I was talking about the Costa Brava
is that they took a clip of mine to say
that I had said that the Costa Brava
was Oy Oy Oy but really, it's
terrible, I mean, but I've already done it, I've already done it,
opened an email account, created a lot of material
to create a Twitter account
to, to see everything because of course, he watches absolutely all of Javi Oliveira's live streams, he watches all of the salsera, telesalseo, everything, everything, every tweet, he gets up every morning, I'm going to see what Javi has written on Twitter, if you
simply want to comment on the gossip, you
do it from your original account and that's it, you don't
need to create a
new account, no, but of course it's because you know that
what you're doing is that you're a stalker and it
appears on this account, when are they going to
understand that the dog from bukak review is
Doctor Polo Uy uy uy u invents the
invents the chaos he invents the
cases apart this pathetic one can't
even go out to dinner with his family without
going out to record himself in the car and to
invent fantastic stories or
try to make him think he has an exclusive
like RAE ra ra I can record wherever the
[ __ ] I want ra this is like the
nonsense that when I was on
vacation I went out to record videos to
defend Dallas I went out to defend to
record videos talking about Dallas that day
because you guys don't stop talking about Dallas and
the gossip was about Dallas Here I have
recorded videos too and it wasn't about
Dallas and it was the weekend of
vacation too because I was in Jan
with my wife without the children we were
calm chill I don't know how much the
Rodolfo thing got to me I recorded the video This was
for an hour of travel that we had to
get married and then at night while I
was waiting for Mimos to get ready I recorded the
video of what happened to the
squid game man you just got out of
[ __ ] jail you don't give a damn about your opinion you
literally just got out of
jail  okay And then outside of that
but you think that these people, the accounts are
sick, they start
interacting with the r, I mean, those who
are not because Dallas is going to go to
jail because Dallas I don't know what Because
Dallas I don't know what they have there
interacting with them a guy who has
really been in jail
now but they don't care because the
objective is Dallas And Javi Because
Javi is in the middle Well this Wilson is
Javi is sick with Javi I think that
this has to be someone who has had
something with me or I stole a girlfriend from him
when I was a kid I don't know something strange you know it's not
normal okay but it's like dude if you're
so sensitized with criminals
you have a guy there who just got out
of jail right now and they have him there they
interact with him they like the
tweets and you're telling me that
the title is clickbait you're
sick literally sick but already
outside of that part of him coming to tell you to
tell someone he doesn't know that from now
on he will be raed of the ex-convict well
convict No now the sentence is about to come out
and the trial  of what he's
done okay for now they've put him in
jail under or rather and he's out on
bail you know So this guy and they're
here interacting with with with him look
like when he left his family to go
debate against Ricky just to defend
Dallas not just to defend Dallas not
for me to earn money to make
content dalis veira you do it for free
I'm part of my job is making
content and suddenly I can be on
vacation traveling I can be in
Disneyland I can be in Disneyland
go to the corner pick up my phone and give
some news that someone just told me
outside you understand without bad you no you no
you do it because of illness you
do it because your mental health is not very
good It's that they don't understand what they do
n't know how to differentiate is what I
say I'm going to get this out while
I'm here boom you know I'm going to tell a little
gossip to my community and on top of that boom it
's my job you understand But RAE that
you can never talk about this again
this and that other thing that you
made up about the sicar Monica a kiss that
you  you made up the thing about hitmen RAE
you made up the thing about hitmen for
[ __ ] face and First here live
you said that it wasn't you then you said yes then
no then you said yes and you
made up the thing about hitmen and then you
said no that it was that it was a lie that they did
n't have access to a hitman you made up the thing about
hitmen you made up that I
had on Instagram I don't know what I don't know
how much dude I told you the other day ra and I'm
going to repeat it to you dude because it's just that
Wait I'm going to tell you with your
current photo so that you can see yourself on
screen because here you're making Ana
look like F F an old
lady r how are you going to put this to Ana
when you literally are This r for
real I mean if I
'm not even mentioning you or I don't even remember your
existence and the truth is she's I don't know if
she's three quat c years older than me but
even if she were the same age as me or 5
years younger there's an age r there's an age
at which you have to know when you're
making a fool of yourself okay  Monica a kiss
if you think you're so crazy
Hey maybe you have something you can't
control I don't know okay but
there's an age where the thin line
between fighting on the internet is cut I eh And
now there's not the ridiculousness but you look like an
old man with your pants wet RAE
the line is very thin and you have to know
when to back off and and your tweet I'm really
telling you man you look like an old man with his
pants wet leave it man leave it
dedicate yourself to your Christ and nobody is going to
give you nobody is going to tell you anything look at those who
defend the channels of
controversies gossip and all that stuff are
against Dallas they're not going to tell you
anything they're not going to make videos they're not going to
tell you anything anymore that you've been in
jail or anything for the he Chilo the only thing that
matters is if it's Dallas the one who
can be pointed out the one who can be
accused none have come out nothing has come
out to make you hours of live or
hours of click or n it doesn't matter anymore RAE if it
were Dallas every day of [ __ ]
great and this  click the other click I don't know
what but it doesn't matter you don't matter at
all it doesn't matter nobody's going to say well look at him he was he
was walking around
all the live shows in the world nobody's going to
say anything It's the same there are people who
support him and I even have a feeling that they'll
ask him about scams written I don't know
but yes surely if it's someone else Look if
suddenly tomorrow he comes out That they put in
jail ah eh I don't want to tell
anyone who I'm telling you but if not Dallas
if it's any of those that Dallas has already
fought or whatever or people
close to those who criticize Dallas it's going to be the
same don't make a fool of yourself Ah Okay
guys let's go to Mimi let's go to mimir let's go
to mimir What a good time Hey Thank you so much
Today there were 126 members I send you
a huge kiss and tomorrow more and better okay handsome We'll be there to
see if
things come out to record for the
main one the truth is that I would like
there to be something I feel like I feel like
recording for the main one but I feel like
recording for the main one at least this one
is honest no at least honest But this
happens to him but this happens to him  a lot eh I don't
remember what viral topic was the other day
dude a super viral topic I don't remember
what it was dude I don't remember what it was dude
but a super viral topic eh eh Javi
shoka reacted to seling where
where does he rest churra a kiss Monica
beautiful it was Thank you very much sweetheart it was Oh
what was it what's in the background on
the screen before we go to
sleep Well I don't know a kid watching something I
don't know who it is It's a kid reacting to
something and there's the guy man dude me
really and yoy things that I really don't understand
dude I don't remember what viral topic it
was It was a topic
eh it was a topic Oh it's true what
luar is telling me it's true be careful and I'm
sending you a nepe that it was a viral topic I
don't remember if it was the thing with gemita or
rebor's fight with I don't know what I don't
remember something about that and people were
putting me in the titles of the
videos instead of you know that's going to be a
long time but oh well let's see I understand I understand I understand that's it there's
no other choice well
nothing this guy is there  watching the
live show Well, boy, show me the
videos Show me the videos if that's going to
give you money Show me, it's okay Oh
[Music]